speech id: 0
0 Although we can still consider that several kinds of active movements taking towards these kind of several kinds of political or social issues in the current situation, we can't deny the fact that still past discrimination still exists in the current situation, which is actually leading to, for example, police brutality, which is the main topic of this motion. For example, like black people being oppressed by police officers in the United States. This is a current situation.
1 So as our stance at the government side, we believe that the problem here, in order to solve these kind of problems in the current situation, the vast majority of people, like the vast majority of people, like who just don't under actually exactly understand what's happening in the current situation. These people who just are so ignorant that they don't even know what's going on. The key problem to actually solving these kind of issues is to actually letting these people know about what's happening in the current situation, actually providing them the correct image.
2 And we believe that actually taking this by taking this motion, we can intensive and incentivize people to actually take part in these kind of actions and will therefore actually spread a correct image and actually make more people understand what's happening in the current situation.
3 Before I move on to my two points today, today, I would like to start with a definition and model. So today, as the government side, our definition is that we define political brutality. For example, using, we like to use several examples that are happening in the current situation. So in the United States, black people are getting killed or, for example, in even in Japan, Kurdish people are being attacked in Shibuya. And we believe that these kind of situations are what is called police brutality in the current situation. 
4 And secondly, my model, our model is that we'll actually give the people who post videos on these kind of popular sites, for example, TikTok or YouTube, for example, I don't know, a thousand yen to five dozen and just like not a sufficient amount, but just like a little amount that you can buy like your dinner or something like that.
5 So moving on to my two points, my first point is that increased media people can be exposed to. So actually, so I would like to explain first, how will actually, how will these medias like, or these, the amount of these videos increase in the current situation. So I'd like to compare it with the status quo. So in the status quo, when people are basically walking on the street and encounter these kinds of social issues, what will happen is because like, first of all, like the, either don't have interest, like they don't want to be related to these kinds of issues because it's so sensitive. They will actually try to avoid these kinds of situations and not really interact actively interact with this kind of situation. 
6 But because after we take this motion, people can actually gain money. They can actually save, save their savings for like one meal, like they'll actually be incentivized to actually, actually take part. All you have to do is just basically take a video of this whole situation uploaded on the internet. It's so easy. It's, there's no reason actually to avoid this. And we believe that actually many kinds of people will actually take action to, in order to just take videos and upload it on the internet.
7 And the uniqueness here is that because these kinds of popular sites are so popular, trill millions and billions of users around the world are using this. Once someone or like several people upload a single video, several people will access to it. Several and thousands of people ask it. And actually what, and actually the videos or the news that these kinds of situations happen will spread tremendously among these people. 
8 And actually I would like next, I would like to explain why it's increasing the amount of these kinds of videos important. So I have two announcements here. First A, that the chances that people can actually see or witness these problems will increase. So the current, the problem in the current situation is that even if these kind of police brutality cases are happening, like only a few people upload these videos. So like not many people can actually have the chance to access to these cases in the current situation. But actually, just as I explained, if we take this motion, the chances that people, because there's so many people uploading videos, the chances, definitely the chances that people can actually have one look of these videos will tremendously increase. And therefore the chances that people can actually witness this problem will increase. 
9 And secondly, we can actually provide many aspects of this problem, not only from one perspective, like only one person standing from one angle, not those kinds of situations, but actually tens of thousands of people can actually take these videos and actually understand the whole image of the current situation.
10 And the importance here is leading on to my second point. My second point is spreading the correct image. Before I move on, yeah
11 <POI> Are you going to financially reward every single people that posted video?
12 That's what has been said.
13 So next, moving on to my second point, spreading the correct image. Okay. So what does the status quo look like here? Like because there's several reasons why we cannot portray this correct image of these kinds of social actions. For example, the news does not have enough screen time to actually focus on one, one problem. Like, because they only have like, I don't know, 30 seconds to portray a picture. Like they have to cut off many other kinds of parts and only show, for example, the parts that the, that the black person was shot by the white person, but by the white, um, by the white police officer. And like, because of this, people don't actually understand what is, what has happened in the background. They don't even know who actually started the fight, who actually, like what kind of, what kind of, um, conflict happened in the past. So people basically cannot understand the background.
14 And secondly, because for example, only one video or only one image like has been posted on the internet. They don't even know what it's actually the whole image, the whole, um, the whole image of the situation. They cannot understand. They cannot perceive what has actually happened.
15 But after we take this motion, because we can increase in number, just that I explained previously, what will happen is that people, people in general can actually understand what is happening because not only the scene they're getting shot, but also like, like from the whole start, like who started the fight or like who actually started the punch, who like those kinds of like, like those kinds of cases can actually, people can actually perceive and people can actually understand by looking at those cases.
16 And obviously the most cases of police brutality in the United States, like are usually the police, the white police officers, like starting, start to like, um, starting to like, uh, argue with these kinds of black people. And in most cases, actually the white people are the, are the people who have started this whole cases. And they're the actually, they're the actually ones who are bad. But if we only portray the scene that someone has been, um, someone has been, um, punched by someone, like people can not actually know what's happening and the impact here is that basically what is crucial in solving these kinds
speech id: 1
17 This motion will only lead to, and will only do such a shallow thing, and only solve the very thin and outer layer of the problem that we are actually facing. So our stance is that if we have the money to financially reward those people, it is better to use those money to things like the education for the, for things like the better education for the police, and the additional aptitude test for the police. And this will lead to much better consequences and much deeper solution of the problem that we are actually facing. 
18 So we have three arguments, and first is that this motion will only, will not solve the core of the problem, and second that the public will just see the superficial facts and not the core of the problem, and third, I will talk about the alternatives that we can take.
19 Our first argument is that this motion will only solve the superficial and the shallow things. So what is the core of this Chinese brutality problem? The issue is that police are abusing their privilege, their job, and their social position to the public. Because police are the institution that supervises the public, they do not have the absolute and clear organizations that supervise those police, unlike the citizens. And because they don't have this absolute institution that supervises them, the police have this feeling of superiority towards the public.
20 And even if we take this motion, this idea that police are having will not be terminated at all. Yes, the police might have started thinking that they should not do such violent things because they don't want to be criticized by the media or by the government or by the public. However, this is just a superficial change. And this will not alter the fundamental idea that police are having, which is the superiority that they are feeling, and which is the true cause of this whole problem. So if we want to truly solve this problem, if we want to solve this problem from the cause, from the true cause, we have to change police minds. However, this motion will not be achieved by this.
21 But with our alternatives, which I will be talking in my third argument, if we take that alternatives, we will be able to achieve this.
22 And moving on to a second argument, that people will, that the public will just see the superficial facts and not the truth, not the cause of the problem. So also the public will start acting with superficial motivation, and also that they will not, and also they will not move on to action actions to prevent or interfere with the police brutality. So in short, what I want to say in this second argument is that this motion will only lead to superficial actions that only damages the society and not solve the actual problem.
23 Moving on to a third argument, which is the alternatives. If we have the money to financially reward those people, why can't we use those money to do better education of the police? Well, when we see the reality, it is the fact that the quality of police is declining severely. And if we were able to enhance the quality of the education that police are having, we'll be able to improve the police. And the improvement of police will not only lead to the solution of this police brutality, but it will also lead to other better consequences, such as safer and better security of the society. So for this reason, we believe that we should not take this motion. And if we want to solve the problem, we should spend those money to other things such as the education of police. Thank you.
speech id: 2
24 So, our goal is to find the police for terrorism. And this is because of their public eyes. And this can be made by giving financial rewards to people. So, I would like to add an argument.
25 So, our third argument is if we take this motion, we can protect people who do demonstrations. And we have two reasons. First of all, about informed consent. And if we take this motion, we can do that. And second, people who participate in demonstrations can prepare for demonstrations because they can realize what the police can do or not. Like putting gases or etc. And this makes these people safe.
26 So, what is important? So, we have imagined that they have a strong will to participate. Like these people have a strong will to participate and don't care about their lives or their bodies to show their wills. But this is not true because they have rights to be safe because they are all humans and have rights to be safe. So, if we take this motion, we can protect those people. So, the opposition side must protect the police. But our side can protect those people. And this is our majority. 
27 And moving on to the rebuttal. So, they said about two arguments and one alternative. So, about the arguments. So, they said that if we take this motion, we have harm for the police. However, in this debate, police who do brutality can find by using SNS and upload it. And our world can change police minds because police have to be like not to discriminate people.
28 So, their alternative was to educate police and it's better than pay people. But we were financially, but police are all human and have feel to, maybe someone have feel to discriminate someone like black or Spanish or et cetera.
29 So, but our side is better than the opposition side because our side has more public eyes because they wanna upload videos and get rewards. 
30 And this movement will also affect the media because media will broadcast those videos, etc., etc. And police don't want to be on the TV as the opposition side also said. So, they will stop doing brutality. So, our side is more better.
31 So, I would like to move on to why is better than our side. So, we have, people can get financial reward if they upload video of police brutality. So, it will make the increase the number of video. So, at the opposition side, they also have videos about the police brutality. But our side is have more number of video. So, their side, the number of video is, they have few videos. So, there's an edited video in a worse way on purpose. So, if we take this motion, these videos will increase because many videos will be uploaded. 
32 So, in the status quo, we have few videos. So, if they have the edited video and can make misunderstanding, it is not reliable. But if these would be uploaded on SNS, it will be the truth on those people. So, for example, a crew person received police questioning from a Japanese police last month or this month, maybe. But the person who took the video edited and just uploaded only the scene that the police hold the crew. But the police just did a questioning and there were no racial discrimination. 
33 So, after plan, many people will upload some videos or upload many videos. So, some videos are the edited video. But others are the whole scene of the action. So, the number of the police who do brutality will decrease because we have public eyes more than opposition. So, maybe we have to consider about the video violence. 
34 And if the children watch, it might have a bad effect on them. But this is not true because it is a social issue. And if we take this motion, we can make the environment that children can think about the post-brutality or discrimination more than opposition side. So, we would like to propose. Thank you.

speech id: 3
35 This is not enough situation, producing only violence and only a number of violence and muter. Because there is still discriminately thinking of people and police. Police are still prejudiced against people. So police can't arrest people, can't arrest every people equally. Like there are prejudices for black people, and these days this prejudice causes many problems for the world.
36 Now I'm going to move to the rebuttal. The government says that if we take this motion, we can protect people who participate in the demo. But this is not true. Rebutting isn't, can't protect people. Because this is only giving money to people, and the government doesn't have any radical solution, does not provide any radical situation. So this is not, this can't protect people. Because the police are prejudiced, and the people's thinking that they can't change, don't change. 
37 And the second, the government says that we can change police's mind. But these posts contain emotional posts, and these posts can't say the truth, totally true. So these posts can't change police's mind radically.
38 Next, I'm going to move on to our argument. You said that "People who participate in demonstrations cannot be protected with the status quo. But if people watch the video, they can know what the police do or what the police can do." But if people know about what police do or something, this does not directly protect them.
39 Next, I'm going to move on to the reconstruction and new arguments. If we take this motion, the revolt will become more big. Because there are three reasons. First, big impact more effect government. And second, some people disregard essence and get benefits by using this situation. And third, media is so unstable, and this may cause populism to the world.
40 First, I'm going to explain the big impact more effect government. The government side, he said that the government rewards all people posted about brutally police on SNS. But there is a question, how does the government manage a large amount of posts? So this is so hard and difficult. But this is exactly. Effective posts will be watched more by the government than small effect posts. And the government doesn't always reward. Like regularly demonstration or little accident. So rewarding all posts are difficult and are so hard. And the government doesn't have so much money. 
41 And there is an alternative to use money for other solutions. Like police, teaching police or something. 
42 So for these reasons, bigger effect posts take attention of the government. And bigger effect posts definitely get a reward for people. Then people tell the magnificence of the brutality of police by posting. And then this may cause the magnificence of brutality on purpose. And this isn't a radical solution of brutality.
43 And the second is my elder told that there will be a reputation of posts and something. So this is a more significant reward. 
44 And third their paradigm is so unstable. We can post things and pictures so easily and quickly. And these spread to the world so quickly. And it's easy to affect other people. And maybe not true sources spread the world. The problem is more significant. And this is not a radical solution of the accident. So we should oppose this motion.
speech id: 4
45 So, we can see the goal of, like, saving the people from brutality and saving the victims like black people and having some movement like hashtag Black Lives Matter. But what the problem we're trying to push is that as we, like, make financially reward people, the government will make chaos because of those kinds of, like, incentivize and as a conclusion, a counterproductive, like, situation will be given, proud to oppose.
46 For today's debate, I have two clash points, right? So, one, which methods can effectively achieve the goal, which is saving brutality victims to which can lead to proper discourse, right? So one, which method can effectively achieve, right? As I said in the POI, the reason why I did POI is to know how much money to use, right? But unfortunately, or fortunately, the government side said all of the financial reward people will be rewarded, right? But we see that a simple question here, how many Twitter users are in today's society? Millions and thousands, right? We see that as millions and thousands, what's more like going to cost, like millions and thousands of money is needed on the government side, right? One, this is unrealistic
47 But two, even if those kinds of situations are given, we have to use those resources in other solutions, right? For example, having like a high quality of police or teaching police what is the importance of like raciality or those sexuality or like treating those like criminals, right? So we think that our side, like an alternative, will be like emphasized and like furthermore, our solution will, our goal will be like set it and having a solution like effectively, right?
48 Two, which can lead to proper discourse, right? So let me like clarify again, what is the government stance, right? The government stance was like the vast majority can't understand like those instances. So we have to like increase the amount of reports, right? 
49 But we have two responses for here, right? One, in the status quo, as my first and second speaker talk about, those video cost is fulfilled, right? The reason why like hashtag backslips matter or hashtag I can't breathe was like promoted, right? Just because those media were fulfilled, right? Those media like influence like appropriately and that like led to discourse, right? 
50 But the second response, right? Like they are just like bystander effect, bystanders, right? By taking this motion, as my second speaker was talking about, like those, this motion will like simply make people like bystanders, right? For example, like just watching those instances and not like having an action and just like taking videos, right? 
51 What those two responses mean and why it is important, it's because people will just like move by money and not inherently like have a strong belief to attacking like those discriminations and like solving discrimination, right? We see that we also like want to save victims and we also want to like prevent those instances happening in the status quo, but what our side will achieve is that inherently like solving problems, such as my second speaker was talking about, like knowing about the fact and changing the structure of the police.
speech id: 5
52 So, in short, the opposition side couldn't provide any effective solution, counter plan, and also they failed to provide any harms of our plan. Therefore, we think that we won't start.
53 To summarize this debate, we can say that three ways can help those people who are being, like, being subject to police brutality. 
54 The first one is education, and the opposition side has been supporting this. Okay, but the government side has said that, like, education will change politics' mind. But we think that, we only point out that the government is in charge of education, right? And we characterize government as something that is biased, or, like, no incentive to educate. And their characterization was, like, government are happy to do education.
55 But we think that our characterization won. Why? Because if the government is like what the opposition side characterized, those kind of, like, discrimination or brutal police, those kind of problems won't be happening in the first place. And we say that, in the first place, the whole point of this debate is, like, countering the government, right? So, we think that it is absurd to rely on government when we are countering government. We think this is obvious.
56 So, the other two ways are, like, through activism, and the third way is to, like, through helping people who are currently under threat, through, like, some people helping out people who are subject to police brutality, or, like, saving people who are participating in demos. As for activism, like, the opposition side seem to prove that the more better discourse will occur on the other side. Well, we already told you that the government is not a good source.
57 But, and the opposition side response was like, on our side of the house, the discussion will be superficial. But we already pointed out that superficial discussion is not something that is bad because that can ultimately help people, and the whole point is to help people, so that, like, whether it's superficial or not doesn't matter. We characterized that what we need to, like, turn people into action is to, like, show people the whole image of things so that people will know the, to know the full extent how police brutality is bad, or, like, how police brutality is, how the problem of police brutality is important. 
58 Because we told you, like, the number, the whole people, the number is important. If people see more number of those videos, people will regard those police brutality as important, and we think that those are the most necessary thing for activism, and activism will gradually help people. But the most important thing is to help people who are currently under threat, right? 
59 We think education or other things take time because we already told you, like, it is impossible or, like, takes a vast amount of time or 20 years or 100 years to change people's emotions or biases because, like, the, like, the hate against black or hate against, like, sexual minorities remains for, like, hundreds of years. We think that it is absurd to think that we can solve this problem in just, like, one year or something. And we told you that in order to help people under threat, we think that people need to know what is happening under police brutality, and we think that video is the only way.
60 Finally, the last point, the opposition I have is money, but we are happy to sacrifice money, even if it takes money, because it is for helping people. We think that their point does not stand, therefore, we won't dissipate.
