speech id: 0
0 Just like the word "her" is in the word "hero," we think that females are also capable of being heroes just similar to male figures like Captain America or any kind of Go Rangers. We think that there's a current notion in which female characters are thought to be incapable, that they have to follow romantic pursuits with the hot, sexy main character. We think that these kind of notions are unhealthy for the people in the audience that are watching it, and especially the children. I'm very happy to propose. I'm going to be setting up the motion before I begin. On our side, we don't think that all female characters should always be the leader. What we support as proposition is a healthy mixture of decent female leaders as also male leaders. We think that we want to pursue and promote the idea of females being capable of being a leader as much as males, and we think that this is a brilliant idea in reducing discrimination.
1 Secondly, is that we think this is going to be an effective motion in dealing with gender injustices. Given that we cannot prove, even if we cannot prove, that there's going to be certain changes in real life, we think that our side, this debate should be measured on equity, that is the principle of whether we should pursue relative equality in the terms of including female characters. 
2 Given this, I'm going to give you two arguments. First, why this is a necessary motion for the state to take. Secondly, and on our side, why this is going to be the most effective motion in dealing with gender injustices. Let's talk about why this is a necessary motion.
3 Two things. First, is that we think that the concept of leaders is not something that is dependent on gender. Just like in real life, how there are many female leaders as well as male leaders, we think that even in Marvel or any kind of film industry, we think that female characters are also capable of being leaders. We think there needs to be a strong image, especially in the media, where everyone is directly influenced by every single day, that there needs to be a strong message that women are also capable. That the fact that they are being leaders and being in control of certain groups does not necessarily mean that we think that if they are being able to be a strong leader in a field, we think that is able to promote a bigger message in real life in promoting gender justice. And I'll be talking about this later.
4 But secondly, we think this is just for the state to take because we think that these kind of medias are going to be like the manifestation of a state's standards. So what I mean by this is that we think that when media influence is very strong, we think that there's a strong and moral obligation for the state to ensure moral equality. And we think this is seen in the cases of a lot of movies where there are certain like female heroes such as Wonder Woman or any those kind of instances. And we think that the state should actively promote any kind of gender equality. And we think this side is just in including female characters by the simple fact that there are female characters that are excluded from being leaders just on the basis of their gender. Given this, we think this is a necessary motion given the benefits. There's going to be female actors. And we think this is my second argument. I'll be talking about this.
5 <POI> What do you think about the difference between the hero program given in man or the pretty cute hero program? What is the difference?
6 I'll talk about that later when I give my characterization. So I recommend you wait for a couple of minutes.
7 So second argument, why this is the most effective motion dealing with gender injustices. What we think, before I begin my substantive, I'm going to be explaining and contextualizing what female characters are currently like.
8 Three things. First is that we think that females are almost never a central character. That is, the women do not currently have basically any kind of female role model to look forward to. We think that, sure, there might be some central characters. But the problem is that we think we need more female characters in the pursuit of leadership. Because we think that these few examples are likely to be sexualized just because of the fact that producers have to choose always the most sexiest and hottest woman. And we think that tends to get sexualized. We don't think that the sexualization of women leaders is necessarily a good thing. We think that on our side, when we include more female actors and make sure there are more central characters, we think that you don't really need to rely on this facial benefit. And rather, you could rather pursue the true message of the movie. That is, to pursue females as a leader.
9 But secondly, so we think there's a lot of maternal and romantic links. That is that in movies like The Independence Day, there's a lot of women who end up falling in love with the main character, the very hot white guy, right? And we think that this promotes the message of women being told to be independent. We don't think that's necessarily a good thing. 
10 But C is that female characters currently have to be rescued. This is seen in a lot of princess movies where women are taught and promoting the message that they have to currently be dependent on the main buff hero. And we think this emphasizes the masculinity of males. And we think this isn't necessarily a good thing.
11 So how does this change under our world? Two things. First, is that these leaders are going to become a central figure, right? We think that's going to mean you're going to have closer proximity to males and females. And we think that female leaders are capable as similar to male leaders. 
12 But B is that these female characters as a leader are going to have more power. We think this is going to promote the message that women are also capable of resolving conflicts, that they are also capable of negotiating certain conflicts to negotiate this in a peaceful manner. 
13 Now, to answer the POI of opposition, that is the difference between male leaders and female leaders, we say there is no difference. That is, the females are also as enough capable as the males. And we think this is a necessary policy because currently there's a status quo which stigmatizes against female characters as leaders. This is because of the unconceived notion that like just the patriarchal society deems females as more incapable than males. And we think this isn't untrue, right? We think that female characters are also capable. So we see that there's no difference at all, that they are both capable and we think we should remove that kind of stigmatization.
14 So what happens once we have these kind of powerful central figured characters is that children who are easily influenced by the media just by the fact that they don't have any kind of like preconceived ideas are going to now look at this and we think that female children are now going to have a more active and positive role model of a leader. So in the future, we think they're less likely to feel like females are unable to do anything. We think that rather they're going to have the feeling that they can be a leader, that they can strive to be a female CEO. So even in the real life, we think that the sense message of female leadership is going to be promoted and we think this is something we always ought to pursue. I'm very happy.
speech id: 1
15 So, we have three points. First, about how women can be seen as having roles for unsuccessful people. And about the impact, and the second about the impact on children. And the third about violence.
16 So first, I'd like to move on to the first point about leaders. This motion says that the female character in hero programs as a leader, and as a leader, women can be portrayed as also unsuccessful people. And in this reality where men tend to be leaders. This motion won't necessarily make women successful leaders, which are actually morally correct.
17 And so we're moving on to the second point. I think we can all agree that when children watch hero programs, they are inspired by the characters' actions, and therefore they will start acting like them. And for example, for girls, there are hero programs for girls like PQR, and for boys, there are hero programs such as Coming Data. And if girls start being the main leader in programs like Coming Data, even the boys mostly watch. There is a possibility that boys will feel reluctant to act like leaders, and that is the complete opposite of what we are actually trying to do. But this motion may not be able to inspire boys to become leaders.
18 And moving on to the third point. We think that, in a way, the government supporting hero programs can be seen as supporting violence. If you look at classic hero programs like Marvel movies. It is pretty clear that the characters are using violence in order to solve their problems. However, removing an insane amount of these programs is not realistic because they are some of the biggest industries in the world. This is why instead of including female characters in hero programs, we should keep supporting feminism like we have in the past.
19 Now I'd like to move on to my rebuttals. The government side said that in hero movies, women tend to fall in love. And this is not telling girls to be independent. And yeah, but just because girls become. Just because women fall in love with a hot guy, for example, that doesn't mean that they won't be willing to become leaders. 
20 And the government also said that women are this. But that doesn't necessarily mean this motion doesn't necessarily lead to telling people that women are capable. Not including female characters in hero programs can be seen as a message that women are incapable of resolving conflict. But that doesn't necessarily mean this motion doesn't necessarily lead to telling people that women are capable of being independent and resolving conflict.
21 In summary, women can be seen as having roles for unsuccessful characters because of the norm that we have right now. This motion can lead to women being portrayed as unsuccessful characters and that children might receive the wrong message, such as they might feel reluctant to become leaders, which is the opposite of the message we're trying to send out. And supporting current hero programs is not something the government should do because, in a way, it's supporting violence. Thank you.
speech id: 2
22 In the world, there are many, many movies of hero programs where the male is the leader. So, it means that there also have accessible people, not only female but also male. 
23 Second, they have said that children are part of the hero program. For example, Kamen Rider is a hero program that boys also watch. But we already defined that we can make not only a female leader but also a male leader, right? So, we don't say that Kamen Rider's leader is female. But that program can continue with a male becoming a leader. 
24 And third, they talk about violence. So, violence shows how strong they are. Even if the woman becomes a leader, they can show strength to the people who are watching. And I'm gonna explain later, too. And also, even if they use violence, it means that males also use violence, right? So, they explain that males can use violence, but women can't use that, right? 
25 So, I'm gonna talk about reconstruction. First, we think that, for example, Marvel or Kamen Rider has a female hero, right? For a supporting role. But why is it important to become a leader? By making a female a leader, it will be a model for everyone that females also can become a leader in society, right? Because now in the world, there are many leaders that are male or some male and fewer leaders that are female. 
26 And if we take this notion, we can have a good effect for children in society. First of all, about children. As the first speaker has said, they have a good effect on children because children always watch hero programs. And it will affect people. For example, Kamen Rider, children watch every Sunday morning, right? And children watch for the long term. So, we feel that it is general that females will become a leader, right? So, children can have less of an image of a gender gap. Even if they get older, they have no feeling of having a gender gap. 
27 And also, why this is good for society? If the female character becomes a leader in a hero program, it will be the movement that females become a leader in society, right? Because hero programs are watched not only by children but also by adults, right? Like Marvel or something like that is also popular among adults, right? So, this is a good effect for society. 
28 And they have said about violence. So, I would like to explain more. So, most hero programs like Kamen Rider or some other hero programs have a person affected by evil, right? So, this person is mostly girls or people who have a weak situation, right? But this is not equal, right? So, by women becoming a leader and so strong, it will remove the image that girls are weak and males are strong, right? For these reasons, we would like to proudly support this motion. Thank you.
speech id: 3
29 We believe Hero Program is for those people who are children, right? Hero Program can make children inspired and shape their identity and thoughts in childhood, right? So if we have an issue or problem that is given in, for example, gender discrimination or another problem, if we can make that, we believe both children's dreams will be crushed and we believe that as a result, those societies will be counterproductive for those females, right? So we're proud to oppose.
30 Today's debate, let me have two arguments. One, why will this motion make females counterproductive? Two, let me compare the paradigm between the government and opposition, right?
31 So firstly, let me make a rebuttal of what the previous speaker was talking about. So the government's main case was solving the discrimination of those people by having a leader, right? But as my first speaker was talking about, my first speaker clearly talked about that these data schools are providing female characters, for example, Marvel. 
32 Moreover, my first speaker talked about that those female romantic loves won't be solved by those leaders, by providing leaders, right? The reason was, I think that romantic things are not just because of not having leaders, but this is because of a general narrative, right? Even though if we take this situation, those romantic scenes won't be taken, right? Those romantic scenes will be remade, and we believe this motion is inappropriate, right? 
33 Moreover, what they talked about was that they said that children won't change their images, and it will influence better to the society, but our side completely talked about that this certain image will make females counterproductive, and we believe this is unjustifiable, right?
34 So moving on to my argument, one, why will this motion make counterproductive for those females, right? So let me make a clear analysis of what is HERO. Two points. One, HERO makes a dream for every child, and it's a certain definition called inspiration for children. Two, it will make strong messages for every people, and for, no, it will make strong messages for the people in today's society, right? So the reason why it will make a dream for those children is that children see those HERO programs for a long time, right? In childhood, children see those HERO programs on the screen, and they have a dream that they want to be a HERO, right? So every people have an experience for having a dream that they want to be a HERO and seeing those HERO programs, right? 
35 And second, it will make a strong message in today's society. But today's debate is like a thing we have to talk about, that there's like two messages, right? There's two messages. One, it's for like boys' messages, and two, there's a message for like those girls, right? So mainly, let's just talk about messages of like girls and boys. We believe like those kind of HERO programs are not just particularly for like boys and particularly for like those girls, right? Like we believe there's like a lot of HERO programs, such as Pretty Cura, right? If we see Pretty Cura, most of the time, like those kinds of girls are going to be the leader, right? What we want to say is that like if we see HERO programs, it's like mainly for action for like those boys, right? Boys mainly see HERO programs, and they'll be attracted, right? Pretty Cura is for like girls, so that's why leaders are given.
36 So what we want to say is that as if we make female character as a leader in HERO programs, it will hinder like boys' dreams, right? It will hinder boys' like narrative, and we can make like those kind of female, we can crush like those kind of children's dream, right? So like those messages are really strong, and as we make female leaders, what will happen is that as my first speaker said, those kinds of females will be in like an unsuccessful situation, or they'll be like in a situation that they'll be criticized by like those society, right? So as a conclusion for my first argument, when like those kind of female leaders are included, they'll be in a bad circumstance.
37 And moreover, like we believe that those particular differences between like those boys' HERO program and girls' HERO program, we believe we can't like include like certain gender and push certain gender, and as an extent, like those kind of gender problem is like made by adults, right?
38 I'll talk about like more specifically in my second argument. My second argument, it's like comparative between the government side and opposition side. The government side is trying to solve gender discrimination, and they're trying to mitigate those kind of romantic scenes. But opposition side are respecting each character, and respecting the dreams of those children. 
39 So what we want to say is that those kind of leader making HERO program as a leader of female, it's just like a problem that is given by adults, right? It's an adult problem we have to talk about, and it's not like children to be like solving, right? So as we like give like those kind of problem from adults, as if we make that, it will just hinder the dreams of children, and hindering like those dreams of the boys as we hear like those HERO program. These are reasons why we're part of the vote.
speech id: 4
40 Okay, thank you, speakers. So we are seeing that the women are so marginalized that, you know, the society pushes the message that women should be the more housewife, becoming the other women, not becoming the leadership, and so forth. 
41 But we believe that because the society requires women to become more such things, so used to be the make a boyfriend and romantic love, that this kind of social pressure is making a woman more so unfair, and it's not good. So we believe that this kind of disproportionate unhealthy situation is so harmful, so there is no justification on this paradigm. Therefore, we are going to propose our case here.
42 So basically, I'm going to talk about three things. Firstly, engage with the opposition's cases. So what is the hero story, and the kinder or the boy's dream or not? Secondly, the principle level, whether it is justified, this social structure, the pushing the burden for the women and the girls. Thirdly, the practical change, how the effect is going on.
43 So let's engage with the first cross point, whether or not what is the hero story, and the boy's dream is going to be right or not. So basically, opposition side is saying that, what is the hero, it's a boy's dream. So the question is that, whether we don't think that they are fitting the motions, or KCPM have said on this debate is. So basically, we are not going to prohibit those kinds of movies, like it's balanced. If you want to see the Kamen Rider, who the main character is leaders, then you can watch. And if you want to watch the program, the leader is women, then you can watch it. So this kind of choice is shared. 
44 So we believe that on our side, some people, some girls who want to watch the movies, cannot consume those ideas at all. So they feel happy and they cannot become good. So in that sense, we are saying that, still, even on our paradigm, those boys can have a dream, and they can enjoy and consume those kinds of content, so they can be happy. So it doesn't fit it. So we don't destroy the dream of those people, boys.
45 Secondly, they are also saying that women should enjoy the "Pri-kyua" or romantic love. That is unrealistic. Basically, the first point is that, who decides, who can determine that women should, making a boyfriend or a husband, or supporting someone, partner, is very important things. So this kind of social pressure is unjustifiable because those girls cannot agree on, or consensus for this issue. So having this kind of pressure that woman must like to support a man, such mindset or stereotype itself is problematic. 
46 Therefore, we are going to increase the, yes, you know, program, which can, the women are taking a leadership, like man or masculinity. This kind of characteristic is required. Therefore, we are proposing.
47 Thirdly, the pre-cure cases, they are saying that pre-cure, those girls can be happy, but that's also unrealistic. Simply because the pre-cure is only women's group. The member of the group is only women and girls. So in that sense that, they are regarded as only in the women's communities, that the leader is working. But if there were a man, maybe she is a supporter. Those kinds of things, is going to be regarded and perceived. 
48 In that sense, that's not helpful or useful for those girls who want to become a leader, are not encouraged or inspired at all. So therefore, that's not enough. Therefore, we are saying that our case is important. Basically, that's not basically, we are saying that it's not mutually exclusive. So if you want to support those people, yes, let's support it. Even on our paradigm, there are those characteristics opposition side is saying, it's supported. So that's not the important thing. So therefore, the opposition case is not making sense.
49 Lastly, even if all my analysis was false, but still the social structure or mindset, or social recognition can be changed. So in the status quo, yes, what we have said might be true. The women are regarded as, yes, you know, backfire might be because, but that's just only short term. In the middle term and long term, the social recognition for the feminist movement or other kind of people, about these kinds of actions, in that sense, we do not assume that it's not harmful. So therefore, the logic doesn't stand.
50 Okay, let's move on to the next first point. Whether or not it is justified in the principle level? Can our paradigm be justified or not? So we are saying that as a leader, those program is justified or not. We say that basically the opposition side thinks that the hero should be the leader as a man, but that's nonsense because simply, the biological relationship already can't be clarified. There's no connection. Just because you are a woman, you are incapable of taking a leadership. So there's no scientific proof or evidence on this matter. So we believe that this artificial and arbitrary structure is so problematic. 
51 So we believe that this kind of the norm or stigmatization makes the woman weaker and weaker, and those girls internalize the ideas, I cannot do anything, or I am incapable, I am useless. So I just support that someone. So this kind of thinking is so harmful. So regardless of the fact they have an ability, they can do that, but they cannot do that because society expects the woman to not do so that. So this is harmful. 
52 So as a result, what will happen is that those kind of the stigmatization, it's become less and those women still can become accept the realization more equally and fairly. So as a result, overall, what is more justifiable framework is our side. So that compared to the harm, our benefit is far more better. We are happy to propose.
speech id: 5
53 We think that this is not a simple question that if we like include female characters and hero programs as leader all kind of like female and female problems are going to be solved and female leaders can advance in society. We don't think that these kind of studies are not being made because now in America or like in other places like Ghostbusters or like other things included these female characters in their ones. However, nothing is going to change; rather, it's going to harm these situations. We like talking our point, but we say these situations will never be solved but in their paradigm but it is going to cause more harm to these people. That's actually why we're going to say that it is very harmful for us.
54 Okay, moving back. Okay, we like talk about several things, but before that, I'd like to rebut to their points. Well, firstly they say that like these kind of like gender gaps it's going to the gender gap of these children is going to decline. But firstly, alright, um I don't think that these kind of like gender gap is going to decline only by seeing these hero programs because we have like a lot of things and a lot of things that you can see. 
55 But even if we take their best-case scenario we think that when you try to become adult you gradually realize the male dominance and will and will still be brainwashed by the society right. Because even now even in America if you see like the female Ghostbusters because society is still being the kind of like male-dominant society nothing's going to change; rather, these children are going to be stigmatized again, stigmatized as "oh women cannot move" even in their cases.
56 Secondly, they say always like falling in love is like being independent or like rescue; it's being independent. It's something like romantic things are a social pressure but firstly, um we don't we don't think that these kinds of things it's like dependent or like independent well not always the red people is going to help the yellow or the pink person um the yellow and the pink person sometimes help like the blue person or the red person or like that kind of things too and we think that these things is very justifiable that these women are actually independent in the first place. 
57 But secondly, we say that this is not a social pressure too even that we say that some, for example, we have some kind of counterexample. For example, Wonder Woman. In these cases, a person is actually going to fall in love with a female leader or like other things too. So even we say, even we say that these kinds of things are a social pressure, we don't think that these things are going to change the society in their paradigm. We don't think that these things are very effective for it.
58 Moreover, okay, and certainly, they always say that they have the ability, so why don't you include these kinds of female characters and hero programs? I know that maybe in some cases you have a decent like female people can actually have these kinds of powers. However, we don't think that because you have power, if you become a leader, nothing is like all things are going to change. But rather, we say these people are going to be exploited.
59 What we want to say is that we don't want to make it down to the bottom in the slide. Don't think that only including females in the hero programs as leaders can change the whole society. Even Ghostbusters and other shows included female leaders, male leaders are still dominant. And since it's still a male-dominant society, even females try to develop in the studies, you're going to be exploited as Janna Daruku, who was made as a leader and tried her best but betrayed and cut off from the other males, just as Japanese scientist Obokata Haruko, male exploits the female dreams. And actually, we say that we don't want to think that we should like produce these kinds of male-like female fatalities in these studies. So we think that is very harmful.
60 If you're going to make these kinds of social norms that females are good and can advance in society, we actually oppose these things because we say that the females are going to be exploited. We don't want to make it too, right? And it's not about these kinds of abilities; it is about your status of it. But if we can't change society and or like others, we sometimes need to do. We'll talk later, okay?
61 All right, so I'd like to go to the comparison, firstly about the boy's dreams. They mostly didn't talk about it; well, they sometimes talk about it, but what we say on our side is that the boy streams are going to be deprived. Why is it so? Because we say that if you're going to show up some kind of female leaders or other things, some are going to think, "Oh, my dream is going to be deprived." If you think that the females are going to be in there, the boys will be discouraged in their dreams to become a leader. We say that this is going to happen in their paradigm, and we say that because of this, the boys are going to be shrinking in the body.
62 However, what's going to happen to these females if you're going to have some, even if you don't have these kinds of female characters as a hero? You will still think that these kinds of females are still going to develop in the bodies if they really want to do. For example, if some people, if some kind of person, like, for example, the Avengers or other things, if you're going to say that these people are actually having some kind of member of the females, you still know these females have the power and have enough ability to be independent, to be or fight as one of the people is as a hero member or like that. We think that this is very good because we say that these individuals are going to be evaluated in these kinds of things. 
63 We think that the stigmatization or other things are going to change more, and it's going to change the future. Maybe it's so, but in the long term, we think that these things are going to change in the future. We don't think that we don't, and okay, what we want to say in our speech is that we don't want to exploit those women. But if we want to think in the long term, with these kinds of women can develop in the future, that's actually why we strongly oppose.
speech id: 6
64 Okay, so all through this debate, the government side has been imposing itself to the light burden of proof. So their stance went like this. They said, so the pressure to conform to gender identity image is so unjustifiable, and they said they have a moral obligation to try to solve those unjustifiable situations. 
65 So the prime minister told you that even if their plan is not going to work, they have an obligation to try. So they try to, so they ignore the inefficiency of the plan by using the word moral obligation, but they must not run away with such a light burden because when the government restrict something, restrict freedom of speech, it is when those restrictions or something or rule is 100% effective. For example, there is a right of reply on media, right? When media discriminated against the minority, the minority has the right to, like, say no on the same media, and that is effective, 100% effective, because it causes discourse.
66 But in this case, the government failed to prove that their plan is 100% effective. So their plan is so nonsense. Like, it's like putting a straw in the river to change the flow of the water, right? And that straw can trap fishes inside the river. So it has risk. So what they have to prove is those straw is strong enough, 100%, to change the river. So we told you how this motion has a risk to harm children's being or harm the situation of gender inequality.
67 So having solved principal classes, we're moving on to the practical things, which is two questions. So firstly, whether the status quo is good enough or not. So secondly, whether including one figure in a movie will make the status quo more better. As for the first questions, our speaker effectively told you how role models already exist in the real world. So, but we have been saying this from a member of the opposition, but the other side didn't engage in our claim that there exist role models in the real world.
68 The other side just concentrated on the woman speaker in, like, hero programs. But this is nonsense because this debate is actually is about how women representation in the real world is going to change. So it's nonsense to just concentrate on the role inside a program and don't see the real effect on the real world. So we can clearly say that the status quo is good enough because the role models that the government has been defending already exist in the real world.
69 So moving on to the second practical question, so does taking this motion make the status quo better or not? You say no. So there are two patterns of female leaders in hero programs, right? So LO tells you the cases in which women are being assigned unsuccessful roles. So there is, so this is likely, as we proved, because the people are seeking for male leaders. 
70 And another case when women become sidekick leaders and males become, women become actual leaders, we already told you this harms the boy's dream, right? So in both cases, it will be harm.
71 And so they, our only response was, oh, in the long term, this is good. But again, this is nonsense because does a straw in a river will change the flow of the water in the long run? Absolutely not. They are saying that there exist many female sexualized characters in the movie, and they're introducing only one woman. And we don't think this would change the situation. Therefore, we are proud to propose.
speech id: 7
72 This motion is effective for both girls and boys. First, I'm going to talk about its effectiveness for girls. If we take this motion, paper problems that include a female leader influence girls, showing them that women can be a leader in the future. Taking this motion, girls can have new dreams to become leaders, influencing their aspirations positively. 
73 However, the opposition side argued that it is effective for boys. By taking this motion, boys' dreams can also be influenced, crashing boys' dreams that not all TV programs have to change to include a female leader.
74 The opposition claims that the percentage of male first-place winners in competitions is larger than the female population in the country now. While it is true that more males can become leaders, taking this motion doesn't crush the dream of being a leader for boys in the future. For these reasons, the effect for girls is more substantial by taking this motion.
75 Now, moving on to the second point: why is this effective for society? Because people's problems are the only TV programs that children want to watch. Children don't want to watch news or documentaries about social problems because they can't understand enough about these issues. Thus, a program with a female leader has the most significant influence to tell children that women can be leaders, promoting more males to be leaders in the future. This can reduce gender discrimination.
76 The opposition side raised concerns about potential violence in these programs, but violence is not an explanation that we brought up in our rebuttal. Instead, we argue that this can make males strong leaders in society to solve problems. We believe that taking this motion has a positive effect on society. Thank you.
